TELCODOCS#2136: Deprecation of SiteConfig v1 (#87629)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/siteconfig-deprecation-notice.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET
[IMPORTANT]
====

> SiteConfig v1 is deprecated starting with {product-title} version 4.18. Equivalent and improved functionality is now available through the SiteConfig Operator using SiteConfig v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SiteConfig v1 is deprecated starting with {product-title} version 4.18. Equivalent and improved functionality is now available through the SiteConfig Operator using the `ClusterInstance` CR.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> For more information about the SiteConfig operator, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.12/html-single/multicluster_engine_operator_with_red_hat_advanced_cluster_management/index#siteconfig-intro[SiteConfig operator].

Reviewer: I notice that we previously capitalize `Operator` and here we use a lowercase `operator`. Can we be consistent?

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> For more information about the SiteConfig Operator, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.12/html-single/multicluster_engine_operator_with_red_hat_advanced_cluster_management/index#siteconfig-intro[SiteConfig operator].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the SiteConfig Operator, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.12/html-single/multicluster_engine_operator_with_red_hat_advanced_cluster_management/index#siteconfig-intro[SiteConfig].
```

The heading for this linked RHACM section is `SiteConfig`.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
